let's now speak to Simon mudin who is a
member of the Foreign Relations
Committee of the Belgian Parliament and
is at the demonstration can you tell us
surf first why you wanted to be uh at
this demonstration in Brussels
today yeah hello everybody I'm very glad
to be here because here it's a very
important day for us here we are
thousand of people in Brussels and as a
political leaders I'm very proud to be
in this country who vote in favor to
ceas fire in un to ago but now this is
the ask of the wish of the people here
today we need to take measure we need to
take more measure we need to take
sanction again Israel we need to take
sanction to hand this occupation
politics of Israel since decad and this
is why I'm very happy and very glad to
be here and I also want to add that
because we want to send hope to all
Palestinian people who are suffering
right now right as you mentioned the uh
generalist Belgium voted in the general
assembly uh in support of of of the
resolution there but the Belgian
government and the European as a whole
has uh expressed steadfast support for
support for Israel in its conflict in
Gaza uh and you want um uh sanctions
imposed on the farri right Israeli
government for you say what it is
committing right now in Gaza but how do
you convince them to do this how you
know right now it seems that the
Europeans and Belgium in particular are
still siding with with the Israelis
still think Israel and they say it has a
right to defend itself how do you
convince these governments that
sanctions should be applied against
these Israeli
governments I think you know I want to
give some hope I think it's moving now
in Europe there are the speech are
moving if you compare it to the first
day of the attack on Gaza and now we can
see that all the political leaders they
are understanding that they maybe did a
mistake when they say that they can let
Israel do what they want and know if you
can see that even in France even in
Ireland in Belgium in Spain that we have
country who take some action I cannot
promise you that it's going to be like
in few day or few weeks but I can feel
because I'm struggling for Palestinian
people since now 20 years but now I can
feel that we can speak about sanction
before I was maybe the only one and now
we have also some right part to speak
about sanction but also for example to
recognize Palestine no this is something
that a lot of people say I think we are
close to we are in front of the wall you
know this is this is over we cannot let
uh decate like this again we cannot let
suffering of Palestinian people go know
all the political leaders they know I
think they know that they are responsive
about the situation why because we let
Israel infunity during decade and now we
will take sanction I really hope and I
will fight for that we will take
sanction against this thank you so much
for take occation politic in from Israel
thank you so much for taking the time to
speak to Simon mut Quin a member of the
Foreign Relations Committee in Belgium's
Parliament who is taking part today in a
protest in Brussels in support of
Palestinians we appreciate your time
thank you very much